and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when you have come into the land you are to
you have come into the land you are to
you have come into the land you are to inhabit which I am given to you and you
inhabit which I am given to you and you
inhabit which I am given to you and you make an offering by fire to the Lord a
make an offering by fire to the Lord a
make an offering by fire to the Lord a burnt offering or a sacrifice to fulfill
burnt offering or a sacrifice to fulfill
burnt offering or a sacrifice to fulfill a vow or as a free will offering or in
a vow or as a free will offering or in
a vow or as a free will offering or in your appointed feasts to make a sweet
your appointed feasts to make a sweet
your appointed feasts to make a sweet aroma to the Lord from the herd or the
aroma to the Lord from the herd or the
aroma to the Lord from the herd or the flock then he who presents his offering
flock then he who presents his offering
flock then he who presents his offering to the Lord shall bring a grain offering
to the Lord shall bring a grain offering
to the Lord shall bring a grain offering of 1/10 of an ephah of fine flour mixed
of 1/10 of an ephah of fine flour mixed
of 1/10 of an ephah of fine flour mixed with 1/4 of a hymn of oil and 1/4 of a
with 1/4 of a hymn of oil and 1/4 of a
with 1/4 of a hymn of oil and 1/4 of a hint of wine as a drink offering you
hint of wine as a drink offering you
hint of wine as a drink offering you shall prepare with the burnt offering or
shall prepare with the burnt offering or
shall prepare with the burnt offering or the sacrifice for each lamb offer a ram
the sacrifice for each lamb offer a ram
the sacrifice for each lamb offer a ram you shall prepare as a grain offering
you shall prepare as a grain offering
you shall prepare as a grain offering two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour
two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour
two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour mixed with one-third of a hint of oil
mixed with one-third of a hint of oil
mixed with one-third of a hint of oil and as a drink offering you shall offer
and as a drink offering you shall offer
and as a drink offering you shall offer one-third of a hint of wine as a sweet
one-third of a hint of wine as a sweet
one-third of a hint of wine as a sweet aroma to the Lord and when you prepare a
aroma to the Lord and when you prepare a
aroma to the Lord and when you prepare a young bull as a burnt offering or as a
young bull as a burnt offering or as a
young bull as a burnt offering or as a sacrifice to fulfill a vow or as a peace
sacrifice to fulfill a vow or as a peace
sacrifice to fulfill a vow or as a peace offering to the Lord then shall be
offering to the Lord then shall be
offering to the Lord then shall be offered with the young bull a grain
offered with the young bull a grain
offered with the young bull a grain offering of three tenths of an ephah of
offering of three tenths of an ephah of
offering of three tenths of an ephah of fine flour mixed with half a human voice
fine flour mixed with half a human voice
fine flour mixed with half a human voice and you shall bring us the drink
and you shall bring us the drink
and you shall bring us the drink offering half a hint of wine as an
offering half a hint of wine as an
offering half a hint of wine as an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord thus it shall be done for each
the Lord thus it shall be done for each
the Lord thus it shall be done for each young ball for each ram or for each lamb
young ball for each ram or for each lamb
young ball for each ram or for each lamb or young goat according to the number
or young goat according to the number
or young goat according to the number that you prepare so you shall do with
that you prepare so you shall do with
that you prepare so you shall do with everyone according to their number all
everyone according to their number all
everyone according to their number all who are native-born shall do these
who are native-born shall do these
who are native-born shall do these things in this manner in presenting an
things in this manner in presenting an
things in this manner in presenting an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord and if a stranger dwells with
the Lord and if a stranger dwells with
the Lord and if a stranger dwells with you or whoever is among you throughout
you or whoever is among you throughout
you or whoever is among you throughout your generations and would present an
your generations and would present an
your generations and would present an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord just as you do so shall he do
the Lord just as you do so shall he do
the Lord just as you do so shall he do one ordinance shall be for you of the
one ordinance shall be for you of the
one ordinance shall be for you of the Assembly and for the stranger who dwells
Assembly and for the stranger who dwells
Assembly and for the stranger who dwells with you
with you
with you an ordinance forever throughout your
an ordinance forever throughout your
an ordinance forever throughout your generations as you are so shall the
generations as you are so shall the
generations as you are so shall the stranger be before the Lord one law and
stranger be before the Lord one law and
stranger be before the Lord one law and one custom shall be for you and for the
one custom shall be for you and for the
one custom shall be for you and for the stranger who dwells with you again the
stranger who dwells with you again the
stranger who dwells with you again the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel and say to them
children of Israel and say to them
children of Israel and say to them when you come into the land to which I
when you come into the land to which I
when you come into the land to which I bring you then it will be when you eat
bring you then it will be when you eat
bring you then it will be when you eat of the bread of the land that you shall
of the bread of the land that you shall
of the bread of the land that you shall offer up a heave offering to the Lord
offer up a heave offering to the Lord
offer up a heave offering to the Lord you shall offer up a cake of the first
you shall offer up a cake of the first
you shall offer up a cake of the first of your ground meal as a heave offering
of your ground meal as a heave offering
of your ground meal as a heave offering as a heave offering of the threshing
as a heave offering of the threshing
as a heave offering of the threshing floor so shall you offer it up of the
floor so shall you offer it up of the
floor so shall you offer it up of the first of your ground meal you shall give
first of your ground meal you shall give
first of your ground meal you shall give to the Lord a heave offering throughout
to the Lord a heave offering throughout
to the Lord a heave offering throughout your generations if you sin
your generations if you sin
your generations if you sin unintentionally and do not observe all
unintentionally and do not observe all
unintentionally and do not observe all these Commandments which the Lord has
these Commandments which the Lord has
these Commandments which the Lord has spoken to Moses all that the Lord has
spoken to Moses all that the Lord has
spoken to Moses all that the Lord has commanded you by the hand of Moses from
commanded you by the hand of Moses from
commanded you by the hand of Moses from the day the Lord gave commandment and
the day the Lord gave commandment and
the day the Lord gave commandment and onward throughout your generations then
onward throughout your generations then
onward throughout your generations then it will be if it is unintentionally
it will be if it is unintentionally
it will be if it is unintentionally committed without the knowledge of the
committed without the knowledge of the
committed without the knowledge of the congregation that the whole congregation
congregation that the whole congregation
congregation that the whole congregation shall offer one young bull as a burnt
shall offer one young bull as a burnt
shall offer one young bull as a burnt offering as a sweet aroma to the Lord
offering as a sweet aroma to the Lord
offering as a sweet aroma to the Lord with its grain offering and its drink
with its grain offering and its drink
with its grain offering and its drink offering according to the ordinance and
offering according to the ordinance and
offering according to the ordinance and one kid of the goats as a sin offering
one kid of the goats as a sin offering
one kid of the goats as a sin offering so the priest shall make atonement for
so the priest shall make atonement for
so the priest shall make atonement for the whole congregation of the children
the whole congregation of the children
the whole congregation of the children of Israel and it shall be forgiven for
of Israel and it shall be forgiven for
of Israel and it shall be forgiven for it was unintentional they shall bring
it was unintentional they shall bring
it was unintentional they shall bring their offering an offering made by fire
their offering an offering made by fire
their offering an offering made by fire to the Lord and their sin offering
to the Lord and their sin offering
to the Lord and their sin offering before the Lord for their unintended sin
before the Lord for their unintended sin
before the Lord for their unintended sin it shall be forgiven the whole
it shall be forgiven the whole
it shall be forgiven the whole congregation of the children of Israel
congregation of the children of Israel
congregation of the children of Israel and the stranger who dwells among them
and the stranger who dwells among them
and the stranger who dwells among them because all the people did it
because all the people did it
because all the people did it unintentionally and if a person sins
unintentionally and if a person sins
unintentionally and if a person sins unintentionally then he shall bring a
unintentionally then he shall bring a
unintentionally then he shall bring a female goat in its first year as a sin
female goat in its first year as a sin
female goat in its first year as a sin offering
offering
offering so the priest shall make a tournament
so the priest shall make a tournament
so the priest shall make a tournament for the person who sins unintentionally
for the person who sins unintentionally
for the person who sins unintentionally when he sins unintentionally before the
when he sins unintentionally before the
when he sins unintentionally before the Lord to make atonement for him and it
Lord to make atonement for him and it
Lord to make atonement for him and it shall be forgiven him you shall have one
shall be forgiven him you shall have one
shall be forgiven him you shall have one law for him who sins unintentionally for
law for him who sins unintentionally for
law for him who sins unintentionally for him who is native born among the
him who is native born among the
him who is native born among the children of Israel and for the stranger
children of Israel and for the stranger
children of Israel and for the stranger who dwells among me but the person who
who dwells among me but the person who
who dwells among me but the person who does anything presumptuously whether he
does anything presumptuously whether he
does anything presumptuously whether he is native born or a stranger that one
is native born or a stranger that one
is native born or a stranger that one brings reproach on the Lord and he shall
brings reproach on the Lord and he shall
brings reproach on the Lord and he shall be cut off from among his people because
be cut off from among his people because
be cut off from among his people because he has despised the word of the Lord and
he has despised the word of the Lord and
he has despised the word of the Lord and has broken his commandment that person
has broken his commandment that person
has broken his commandment that person shall be completely cut off his guilt
shall be completely cut off his guilt
shall be completely cut off his guilt shall be upon him now while the children
shall be upon him now while the children
shall be upon him now while the children of Israel were in the wilderness they
of Israel were in the wilderness they
of Israel were in the wilderness they found a man gathering sticks on the
found a man gathering sticks on the
found a man gathering sticks on the Sabbath day and those who found him
Sabbath day and those who found him
Sabbath day and those who found him clamoring sticks brought him to Moses
clamoring sticks brought him to Moses
clamoring sticks brought him to Moses and Aaron and to all the congregation
and Aaron and to all the congregation
and Aaron and to all the congregation they put him under guard because it had
they put him under guard because it had
they put him under guard because it had not been explained what should be done
not been explained what should be done
not been explained what should be done to him then the Lord said to Moses the
to him then the Lord said to Moses the
to him then the Lord said to Moses the man must surely be put to death all the
man must surely be put to death all the
man must surely be put to death all the congregation shall stone him with stones
congregation shall stone him with stones
congregation shall stone him with stones outside the camp so as the LORD
outside the camp so as the LORD
outside the camp so as the LORD commanded Moses all the congregation
commanded Moses all the congregation
commanded Moses all the congregation brought him outside the camp and stoned
brought him outside the camp and stoned
brought him outside the camp and stoned him with stones
and he died again the Lord spoke to
and he died again the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel
Moses speak to the children of Israel
Moses speak to the children of Israel tell them to make tassels on the corners
tell them to make tassels on the corners
tell them to make tassels on the corners of their garments throughout their
of their garments throughout their
of their garments throughout their generations and to put a blue thread in
generations and to put a blue thread in
generations and to put a blue thread in the tassels of the corners and you shall
the tassels of the corners and you shall
the tassels of the corners and you shall have the tassel that you may look upon
have the tassel that you may look upon
have the tassel that you may look upon it and remember all the commandments of
it and remember all the commandments of
it and remember all the commandments of the Lord and do them and that you may
the Lord and do them and that you may
the Lord and do them and that you may not follow the harlotry to which your
not follow the harlotry to which your
not follow the harlotry to which your own heart and your own eyes are inclined
own heart and your own eyes are inclined
own heart and your own eyes are inclined and that you may remember and do all my
and that you may remember and do all my
and that you may remember and do all my Commandments and be holy for your God I
Commandments and be holy for your God I
Commandments and be holy for your God I am the Lord your God who brought you out
am the Lord your God who brought you out
am the Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt
of the land of Egypt
of the land of Egypt to be your
to be your
to be your I am the Lord your God